Portland 2023 full website (#1867)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2023/opportunity-grants.rst

Opportunity grants
==================

> The grant program for WTD {{ name }} {{ year }} supports people who would otherwise not be able to

Author: ```suggestion
The grant program for Write the Docs {{ name }} {{ year }} supports people who would otherwise not be able to
```

Probably good to spell it out up front?
